Adjusts docs about changing the data, size and balance of accounts. (#29007)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/developing/programming-model/runtime.md

  - And only if the data is zero-initialized or empty.
- An account not assigned to the program cannot have its balance decrease.
- The balance of read-only and executable accounts may not change.
- Only the owner may change account size and data.
  - And if the account is writable.
  - And if the account is not executable.
- Executable is one-way (false->true) and only the account owner may set it.
- No one can make modifications to the rent_epoch associated with this account.

## Balancing the balances

Before and after each instruction, the sum of all account balances must stay the same.

> E.g. if one accounts balance is increased, anothers must be decreased by the same ammount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g. if one account's balance is increased, another's must be decreased by the same amount.
```

Because the runtime can not see changes to accounts which were not passed to it,

> all accounts for which the balances was modified must be passed,

Reviewer 2: balances *were* modified
